[{"id":"content:0.index.md","path":"/","dir":"","title":"Home","description":"","keywords":[],"body":"     Assurify Shipping Insurance   Get started in minutes with Assurify: Manage Refund, Return or Replace easily while boosting AOV.     Integrated   Return Management  System to minimize handling cost further.  Integrated Claim Management for customers to handle   Refund ,   Reorder  or   Replacement .  Easy and intuitive setup procedure without any need of support.  Enjoy peace of mind with a secure, integrated portal directly in store backend.  Boost profits by keeping the premium charged at checkout all to yourself.  Easy Claims Handling, Streamlined portal, and one-click customer submissions."},{"id":"content:1.introduction:1.getting-started.md","path":"/introduction/getting-started","dir":"introduction","title":"Getting Started","description":"Assurify Shipping Insurance is currently available for Shopify Only.","keywords":["Installation"],"body":"  Getting Started  Assurify Shipping Insurance is currently available for   Shopify Only .  Soon we will be available for   Woocommerce, Bigcomeerce & Third Part Stores .  Installation  You can install   Assurify  directly from Shopify App Store:  Install From Shopify"},{"id":"content:1.introduction:2.enable-extension.md","path":"/introduction/enable-extension","dir":"introduction","title":"Enable Extension","description":"We provide two main extension which is necessary for providing the shipping insurance to customer.","keywords":["Theme Extension","Checkout Extension Plus Store Only"],"body":"  Enable Extension  We provide two main extension which is necessary for providing the shipping insurance to customer.  The   theme extension  which is called   Assurify Cart Widget .  The   checkout extension  which is called   Assurify Checkout Widget . However the   checkout extension  is only available for   Shopify Plus User  only, as shopify does not provide checkout extensibility on other plans.  Theme Extension      Installation Process    Go to   Asssurify App , select   Installation  tab and click   Auto Installation .  Follow the Steps and   Enable Extension .   By default our extension should works on   Every Theme . However we also understand that some stores are using   Custom Theme ,   Headless Solution  and so on. In that case we need custom selectors from your theme to make our extension perfect for you. You can easily put those selectors on extension settings or contact us at    info@daisssydiffussion.com  and our development will upload those selectors within 30 minutes.  Checkout Extension   Plus Store Only      Installation Process    Go to Your store admin panel.  From   Sales Channels  Tab Select   Themes  From your active theme click   Customize  From the top panel page selector dropdown select   Checkout and customer accounts  From the left panel select   Apps  Click on the   Assurify Checkout Widget  to enable checkout extension.    This extension works on   All Plus Store  checkout page."}]